to do
now you come to me and you say
give me
justice you come
into my house and you
ask me to murder
they ask you for justice
that is not justice
they want to get
mixed up in a family
business you got to
get them close like
this little thing you
blow their brains
all over your nice
cyber league suit
you give them one
message i want salons
so if not it's all
about war we go to
the some of the
other families won't sit
down
the father would
want to hear this this
is business not
personally shot my
father even the
shooting your father was
business not personal
you know my father
amanda coming here to kill him
i never wanted this for you
i worked my whole
life i don't apologize
to take care of my family
and i refuse to be a fool
dancing on the
string held by all those
big shots
it's not personal
it's strictly business